docs: development and releases (#1)
City-of-Helsinki/django-auditlog-extra: README.md

```bash
pytest
```

This will run all the tests in the `tests` directory.  You can specify individual test files or directories using command-line arguments.  For example, to run tests in a specific directory:

```bash
pytest tests/test_utils.py
```

#### tox

Tox is used to manage different testing environments.  It allows you to run your tests in various Python versions and with different dependencies.  The `tox.ini` file defines the different environments.  To run tests using tox, execute:

```bash
tox
```

This will run the tests defined in the `tox.ini` file.  Each environment will be created and the tests will be run within that environment.  This ensures that your code works correctly across different Python versions and dependency configurations.  You can specify individual environments using command-line arguments.  For example, to run tests in the `py39` environment (Python v3.9):

```bash
tox -e py39
```

For more information on pytest and tox, refer to their respective documentations:

- pytest: [https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.4.x/](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.4.x/)
- tox: [https://tox.wiki/en/latest/](https://tox.wiki/en/latest/)

## Releases

> The application uses automatic semantic versions and is released using [Release Please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please).
> 
> > Release Please is a GitHub Action that automates releases for you. It will create a GitHub release and a GitHub Pull Request with a changelog based on conventional commits.
> 
> Each time you merge a "normal" pull request, the release-please-action will create or update a "Release PR" with the changelog and the version bump related to the changes (they're named like `release-please--branches--main--components--django-auditlog-extra-`).
> 
> To create a new release for an app, this release PR is merged, which creates a new release with release notes and a new tag. This tag will be picked by Azure pipeline and trigger a new deployment to staging. From there, the release needs to be manually released to production.
> 
> When merging release PRs, make sure to use the "Rebase and merge" (or "Squash and merge") option, so that Github doesn't create a merge commit. All the commits must follow the conventional commits format. This is important, because the release-please-action does not work correctly with merge commits (there's an open issue you can track: [Chronological commit sorting means that merged PRs can be ignored ](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please/issues/1533)).
> 
> See [Release Please Implementation Design](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please/blob/main/docs/design.md) for more details.
> 
> And all docs are available here: [release-please docs](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please/tree/main/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application follows semantic versioning and is released using [Release Please](https://github.com/googleapis/release-please) GitHub Action.

A new release is created by merging a release PR, which is automatically generated by the Release Please action. Once the PR is merged, Release Please automatically creates a new release with release notes and a corresponding tag. The release PR is updated automatically whenever new code is merged into the main branch. Release Please maintains the changelog based on conventional commits.
```

### Build tool

> This project uses Hatchling, a modern build system for Python projects.  It simplifies the build and packaging process, providing a consistent and efficient way to manage your project's dependencies and create distributable packages.  Hatchling supports various build backends, allowing you to customize the build process to your needs.  It also integrates seamlessly with PyPI, making publishing your package straightforward.  For more detailed information on Hatchling's features and usage, refer to the official documentation: [https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses [Hatchling](https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/) for building and packaging.
```
